Add termination codes to contractStatus (#1201)
open-contracting/standard: docs/history/changelog.md

## [1.2] - YYYY-MM-DD

### Codelists

> * [#1201](https://github.com/open-contracting/standard/pull/1201) Add termination codes to `contractStatus.csv`  ('terminatedEarly', 'terminatedSuccessfully')

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [#1201](https://github.com/open-contracting/standard/pull/1201) Add 'terminatedEarly' and 'terminatedSuccessfully' codes to the `contractStatus` codelist, to distinguish between successful completion and early termination of the contract.
```
